Find centralized trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Teams QA for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. I'm not a Ruby dev by trade but am using Capistrano for PHP deployments. I'm trying to cleanup the output of my script and am trying to add a unicode check mark as discussed in this blog. The problem is if I do It outputs instead of I've googled around and I just can't find anywhere that discusses this. TLDR How do I puts or print the unicode checkmark U EDIT I am running Ruby on my Mac OSX Lion so cannot use the encode method. My shell is Bash in iTerm. UPDATE Added reference image in case site ever goes down. Use Stringencode prints falsetru's answer is incorrect. This transcodes the checkmark from the current system encoding to UTF encoding.That works only on a system whose default is already UTF. The correct answer is This modifies the string's encoding without modifying any character sequence. In newer versions of Ruby you don't need to enforce encoding. Here is an example with Just make sure you use double quotes As an additional note if you want to print an emoji you have to surround it with braces. Same goes as above in ERB no forced encoding required works perfectly tested at Ruby Much appreciation How we can print as is in newer version of ruby checkmark puts checkmark This should print AS IS Thanks for contributing an answer to Stack Overflow But avoid To learn more see our tips on writing great answers. Required but never shown Required but never shown By clicking Post Your Answer you agree to our terms of service privacy policy and cookie policy To subscribe to this RSS feed copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. site design logo Stack Exchange Inc user contributions licensed under cc bysa. rev Your privacy By clicking Accept all cookies you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. 